---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vastdata_active_directory2 Data Source - terraform-provider-vastdata"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# vastdata_active_directory2 (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `machine_account_name` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) The name of the computer object/machine account to add. Recommended to use the name of the cluster.

### Optional

- `is_vms_auth_provider` (Boolean) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Enables or disables use of the Active Directory for VMS authentication. Two Active Directory configurations per cluster can be used for VMS authentication: one with Active Directory and the other without Active Directory.
- `method` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Bind authentication method. Valid values: [simple anonymous sasl]
- `ntlm_enabled` (Boolean) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Enables or disables support of NTLM authentication for SMB protocol.
- `port` (Number) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Which port to use.
- `posix_attributes_source` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Defines which domains POSIX attributes will be supported from.
- `query_groups_mode` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Query group mode. Valid values: [COMPATIBLE NONE RFC2307BIS RFC2307]
- `reverse_lookup` (Boolean) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Specifies whether to resolve Active Directory netgroups into hostnames.
- `smb_allowed` (Boolean) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Indicates if Active Directory is allowed for SMB.
- `use_auto_discovery` (Boolean) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) If `true`, Active Directory Domain Controllers (DCs) and Active Directory domains are automatically discovered. Queries extend beyond the joined domain to all domains in the forest. If `false`, queries are restricted to the joined domain and DCs must be provided in the URLs field.
- `use_ldaps` (Boolean) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Specifies whether to use LDAPS for auto-discovery. To enable use of LDAPS, also set `use_auto_discovery` to `true`.
- `use_multi_forest` (Boolean) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Allows or prohibits access for users from trusted domains on other forests.
- `use_tls` (Boolean) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Set to `true` to enable use of TLS to secure communication between the VAST cluster and the Active Directory server.

### Read-Only

- `binddn` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) The distinguished name of Active Directory superuser.
- `bindpw` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) The password used with the Bind DN to authenticate to the Active Directory server.
- `domain_name` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) The FQDN of the domain.
- `gid_number` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) The attribute of a user entry on the Active Directory server that contains the UID number, if different from `uidNumber`. Often, when binding the VAST cluster to Active Directory, this does not need to be set.
- `group_login_name` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) The attribute used to query Active Directory for the group login name in NFS ID mapping. Applicable only with Active Directory and NFSv4.1.
- `guid` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) The unique GUID of this resource.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `mail_property_name` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) The attribute to use for the user’s email address.
- `match_user` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) The attribute to use when querying a provider for a user that matches a user that was already retrieved from another provider. A user entry that contains a matching value in this attribute will be considered the same user as the user previously retrieved.
- `organizational_unit` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Organizational unit within Active Directory where the cluster's machine account will be created. If left empty, it will go into default Computers OU.
- `posix_account` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) The object class that defines a user entry on the Active Directory server, if different from `posixAccount`. When binding the VAST cluster to Active Directory, set this parameter to `user` so that authorization works properly.
- `posix_group` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0)  The object class that defines a group entry on the Active Directory server, if different from `posixGroup`. When binding the VAST cluster to Active Directory, set this parameter to `group` so that authorization works properly.
- `searchbase` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) The Base DN is the starting point that the Active Directory provider uses when searching for users and groups. If a Group Base DN is configured, it will be used instead of the Base DN (for groups only).
- `tls_certificate` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) TLS certificate to use for verifying the remote Active Directory server’s TLS certificate.
- `uid` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) The attribute of a user entry on the Active Directory server that contains the user name, if different from `uid`. When binding the VAST cluster to Active Directory, you may need to set this to `sAMAccountname`.
- `uid_member` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) The attribute of a group entry on the Active Directory server that contains names of group members, if different from `memberUid`. When binding the VAST cluster to Active Directory, you may need to set this to `memberUID`.
- `uid_member_value_property_name` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) The attribute that represents the value of the Active Directory group’s member property.
- `uid_number` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) The attribute of a user entry on the Active Directory server that contains the UID number, if different from `uidNumber`. Often when binding the VAST cluster to Active Directory, this does not need to be set.
- `urls` (List of String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) A comma-separated list of URIs of Active Directory servers in the format `SCHEME://ADDRESS`. The order of listing defines the priority order. The URI with the highest priority that has a good health status is used.
- `user_login_name` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) The attribute used to query Active Directory for the user login name in NFS ID mapping. Applicable only with Active Directory and NFSv4.1.
- `username_property_name` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) The attribute to use for querying users in VMS user-initated user queries. Default is `name`. Sometimes set to `cn`.
