---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vastdata_active_directory Data Source - vastdata"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# vastdata_active_directory (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "vastdata_active_directory" "vastdb_active_directory_by_id" {
  id = 1
}

data "vastdata_active_directory" "vastdb_active_directory_by_guid" {
  guid = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000001"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `domain_name` (String) The fully qualified domain name (FQDN) of the Active Directory. This parameter is required unless ldap_id is provided.
- `enabled` (Boolean) enabled/disabled
- `guid` (String) GUID
- `ldap_id` (Number) ID of the LDAP configuration for binding to the LDAP domain of the Active Directory server. This parameter is required unless domain_name is provided.
- `ma_pwd_change_frequency` (String) Frequency for scheduled password change for the VAST Cluster Active Directory machine account password.
- `ma_pwd_update_time` (String) Machine Account password update time.
- `machine_account_name` (String) Name of the computer object/machine account to add. Recommended to be the name of the cluster.
- `monitor_action` (String) The type of periodic health check that VAST Cluster performs for the Active Directory provider. PING (default, less overhead and impact on the provider) = pings the provider. BIND = binds to the provider.
- `name` (String)
- `ntlm_enabled` (Boolean) Manages support of NTLM authentication method for SMB protocol.
- `organizational_unit` (String) Organizational Unit within Active Directory where the Cluster Machine account will be created. If left empty, it will go into default Computers OU.
- `scheduled_ma_pwd_change_enabled` (Boolean) Enables scheduled password change for the VAST Cluster Active Directory machine account password.
- `smb_allowed` (Boolean) Indicates if the Active Directory server can service IO from SMB protocol.
- `state` (String) Active Directory state
- `tenant_id` (Number)
- `title` (String)
- `url` (String)

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.
- `last_ma_pwd_renewal_status` (Attributes) Last Active Directory machine account password renewal status (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--last_ma_pwd_renewal_status))
- `ldap` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ldap))

<a id="nestedatt--last_ma_pwd_renewal_status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `last_ma_pwd_renewal_status`

Read-Only:

- `is_during_change` (Boolean) True if password change is in progress
- `last_change_attempt` (String) Last change time
- `last_successful_change` (String) Last successful change time
- `message` (String) Message
- `next_scheduled_change` (String) Next scheduled change time


<a id="nestedatt--ldap"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ldap`

Required:

- `searchbase` (String) The Base DN is the starting point the LDAP provider uses when searching for users and groups. If the Group Base DN is configured it will be used instead of the Base DN, for groups only

Read-Only:

- `abac_read_only_value_name` (String)
- `abac_read_write_value_name` (String)
- `active_directory` (String)
- `active_directory_id` (Number)
- `advanced_filter` (String) Manual filters for the BaseDN. This is useful when accounts are distributed across OUs and the baseDN needs to be wide to include all accounts, while there are also accounts that you would like to exclude from user queries.
- `binddn` (String) Distinguished name of LDAP superuser
- `bindpw` (String) Password for the LDAP superuser
- `domain_name` (String) FQDN of the domain.
- `domains_with_posix_attributes` (Set of String) Allows to enumerate specific domains for POSIX attributes
in case posix_attributes_source is set to SPECIFIC_DOMAINS.
- `gid_number` (String)
- `group_login_name` (String) The attribute used to query Active Directory for the group login name in NFS ID mapping. Applicable only with Active Directory and NFSv4.
- `group_searchbase` (String) Base DN for group queries within the joined domain only. When auto discovery is enabled, group queries outside the joined domain use auto-discovered Base DNs.
- `guid` (String)
- `id` (Number)
- `is_vms_auth_provider` (Boolean) Enables use of the LDAP for VMS authentication. Two LDAP configurations per cluster can be used for VMS authentication: one with Active Directory and one without.
- `mail_property_name` (String) The attribute to use for the user's email address.
- `match_user` (String)
- `method` (String) Bind Authentication Method
- `monitor_action` (String) The type of periodic health check that VAST Cluster performs for the LDAP provider. PING (default, less overhead and impact on the provider) = pings the provider. BIND = binds to the provider.
- `name` (String)
- `port` (Number) LDAP server port. 389 (LDAP)  636 (LDAPS)
- `posix_account` (String)
- `posix_attributes_source` (String) Defines which domains POSIX attributes will be supported from.
- `posix_group` (String)
- `posix_primary_provider` (Boolean) POSIX primary provider
- `query_groups_mode` (String) Query group mode
- `query_posix_attributes_from_gc` (Boolean) When set to True - users/groups from non-joined domain POSIX attributes are supported,
when set to False - Posix attributes of users/groups from non-joined domain are not supported.
As a condition Global catalog needs to be configured to support Posix attributes. (deprecated since 4.6)
- `reverse_lookup` (Boolean) Resolve LDAP netgroups into hostnames
- `state` (String)
- `super_admin_groups` (Set of String) List of groups on the LDAP provider. Members of these groups can log into VMS as cluster admin users.
- `tenant_id` (Number) Tenant ID
- `title` (String)
- `tls_certificate` (String)
- `uid` (String)
- `uid_member` (String)
- `uid_member_value_property_name` (String) The attribute which represents the value of the LDAP group's member property.
- `uid_number` (String)
- `url` (String) Comma-separated list of URIs of LDAP servers (Domain Controllers (DCs) in Active Directory), in priority order. The URI with highest priority that has a good health status is used. Specify each URI in the format SCHEME://ADDRESS. ADDRESS can be either a DNS name or an IP address. e.g. ldap://ldap.company.com, ldaps://ldaps.company.com, ldap://192.0.2.2
- `use_auto_discovery` (Boolean) When enabled, Active Directory Domain Controllers (DCs) and Active Directory domains are auto discovered. Queries extend beyond the joined domain to all domains in the forest. When disabled, queries are restricted to the joined domain and DCs must be provided in the URLs field.
- `use_ldaps` (Boolean) Use LDAPS for auto-Discovery. To activate, set use-auto-discovery to true also.
- `use_multi_forest` (Boolean) Allow access for users from trusted domains on other forests.
- `use_posix` (Boolean) POSIX support
- `use_tls` (Boolean) configure LDAP with TLS
- `user_login_name` (String) The attribute used to query Active Directory for the user login name in NFS ID mapping. Applicable only with Active Directory and NFSv4.
- `username_property_name` (String) Username property name
