---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vastdata_protection_policy Data Source - vastdata"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# vastdata_protection_policy (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "vastdata_protection_policy" "vastdb_protection_policy_by_id" {
  id = 1
}

data "vastdata_protection_policy" "vastdb_protection_policy_by_guid" {
  guid = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000001"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `clone_type` (String) Specify the type of data protection. CLOUD_REPLICATION is S3 backup. LOCAL means local snapshots without replication.
- `created` (String)
- `guid` (String) unique identifier
- `handle` (String)
- `indestructible` (Boolean) Protected from accidental or malicious deletion by the indestructibility mechanism. Authorized unlocking of the cluster's indestructibility mechanism is required to do any of the following: deleting the protection policy, modifying the protection policy, or disabling this setting.
- `internal` (Boolean)
- `is_local` (Boolean)
- `is_on_schedule` (Boolean)
- `name` (String)
- `native_replication_remote_target` (String)
- `prefix` (String) The prefix of the snapshot that will be created
- `replication_target` (String)
- `schedule_miss` (Number)
- `state` (String) State of Protection Policy
- `sync_interval` (Number) A sync point is a common restore point for all group members. This value guarantees such a sync point exists in this duration. In other words, this is the maximal sync duration gap between other members.
- `target__name` (String) Filter by name of replication peer
- `target_guid` (String)
- `target_name` (String) Target Name
- `target_object_id` (Number) target object id
- `tenant_id` (Number)
- `title` (String)
- `url` (String)

### Read-Only

- `frames` (Attributes List) Defines the schedule for snapshot creation and the local and remote retention policies. Example: every 90m start-at 2025-07-27 20:10:35 keep-local 10h keep-remote 30d (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--frames))
- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.
- `pretty_schedules` (Set of String)
- `remote_tenant` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remote_tenant))
- `tenant` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--tenant))

<a id="nestedatt--frames"></a>
### Nested Schema for `frames`

Read-Only:

- `every` (String) Snapshot frequency (e.g., '1d' or '12h').
- `keep_local` (String) Local retention period (e.g., '7d').
- `keep_remote` (String) Remote retention period (e.g., '30d').
- `start_at` (String) Start time for the snapshot schedule (e.g., '2025-07-27 20:10:35', in UTC).


<a id="nestedatt--remote_tenant"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remote_tenant`

Read-Only:

- `guid` (String) Remote Tenant guid
- `name` (String) Remote Tenant name


<a id="nestedatt--tenant"></a>
### Nested Schema for `tenant`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) Tenant ID
- `name` (String) Tenant Name
