---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vastdata_qos_policy Data Source - vastdata"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# vastdata_qos_policy (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String)

### Optional

- `guid` (String) QoS Policy guid
- `io_size_bytes` (Number) Sets the size of IO for static and capacity limit definitions. The number of IOs per request is obtained by dividing request size by IO size. Default: 64K, Recommended range: 4K - 1M
- `is_default` (Boolean) Is default User QOS Policy
- `is_gold` (Boolean) Grants priority QoS over views that do not have this setting enabled
- `limit_by` (String) Specifies which performance parameter(s) are limited by the policy. BW_IOPS=The policy limits service according to bandwidth (BW) and IO per second (IOPS). BW=The policy limits service according to BW only. IOPS=The policy limits service according to IOPS only.
- `mode` (String) The mode of provisioning quality of service per view. STATIC=read and/or write BW and/or IOPS may be limited to a set maximum limit. USED_CAPACITY=BW and IOPS may be limited set per unit of used logical capacity. Static limits are also configurable and define boundaries of performance allowance. PROVISIONED_CAPACITY=BW and IOPS may be limited per unit of logical capacity, as provisioned by the soft limit of a quota on the view path. Static limits are also configurable and define boundaries of performance allowance.
- `policy_type` (String) QOS Policy type - VIEW or USER
- `s3_connections_limit` (Number) Maximum number of allowed S3 connections, 0 means unlimited
- `tenant_id` (Number) Tenant ID
- `tenant_name` (String) Tenant Name
- `use_total_limits` (Boolean) If true - total limits are used instead of separate read/write limits.

### Read-Only

- `attached_users` (Attributes Set) The users to which to attach the policy, for a user QOS policy (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attached_users))
- `capacity_limits` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--capacity_limits))
- `capacity_total_limits` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--capacity_total_limits))
- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.
- `static_limits` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--static_limits))
- `static_total_limits` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--static_total_limits))

<a id="nestedatt--attached_users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attached_users`

Required:

- `fqdn` (String) The Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN) of the user's domain.
- `identifier_type` (String) The attribute used to identify the user.
- `identifier_value` (String) The value of the identifying attribute for the user. Must be of the attribute specified as identifier_type.
- `name` (String) User's name

Read-Only:

- `label` (String) A label for the user


<a id="nestedatt--capacity_limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `capacity_limits`

Required:

- `max_reads_bw_mbps_per_gb_capacity` (Number) Maximal amount of performance per GB to provide when there is no resource contention
- `max_reads_iops_per_gb_capacity` (Number) Maximal amount of performance per GB to provide when there is no resource contention
- `max_writes_bw_mbps_per_gb_capacity` (Number) Maximal amount of performance per GB to provide when there is no resource contention
- `max_writes_iops_per_gb_capacity` (Number) Maximal amount of performance per GB to provide when there is no resource contention


<a id="nestedatt--capacity_total_limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `capacity_total_limits`

Read-Only:

- `max_bw_mbps_per_gb_capacity` (Number) Maximal amount of performance per GB to provide when there is no resource contention
- `max_iops_per_gb_capacity` (Number) Maximal amount of performance per GB to provide when there is no resource contention


<a id="nestedatt--static_limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `static_limits`

Required:

- `burst_reads_bw_mb` (Number) Burst reads BW Mb
- `burst_reads_iops` (Number) Burst reads IOPS
- `burst_reads_loan_iops` (Number) Burst reads loan IOPS
- `burst_reads_loan_mb` (Number) Burst reads loan Mb
- `burst_writes_bw_mb` (Number) Burst writes BW Mb
- `burst_writes_iops` (Number) Burst writes IOPS
- `burst_writes_loan_iops` (Number) Burst writes loan IOPS
- `burst_writes_loan_mb` (Number) Burst writes loan Mb
- `max_reads_bw_mbps` (Number) Maximal amount of performance to provide when there is no resource contention
- `max_reads_iops` (Number) Maximal amount of performance to provide when there is no resource contention
- `max_writes_bw_mbps` (Number) Maximal amount of performance to provide when there is no resource contention
- `max_writes_iops` (Number) Maximal amount of performance to provide when there is no resource contention
- `min_reads_bw_mbps` (Number) Minimal amount of performance to provide when there is resource contention
- `min_reads_iops` (Number) Minimal amount of performance to provide when there is resource contention
- `min_writes_bw_mbps` (Number) Minimal amount of performance to provide when there is resource contention
- `min_writes_iops` (Number) Minimal amount of performance to provide when there is resource contention


<a id="nestedatt--static_total_limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `static_total_limits`

Read-Only:

- `burst_bw_mb` (Number) Burst BW Mb
- `burst_iops` (Number) Burst IOPS
- `burst_loan_iops` (Number) Burst loan IOPS
- `burst_loan_mb` (Number) Burst loan Mb
- `max_bw_mbps` (Number) Maximal BW Mb/s
- `max_iops` (Number) Maximal IOPS
- `min_bw_mbps` (Number) Minimal BW Mb/s
- `min_iops` (Number) Minimal IOPS
