---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vastdata_replication_peer Data Source - vastdata"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# vastdata_replication_peer (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "vastdata_replication_peer" "vastdb_replication_peer_by_id" {
  id = 1
}

data "vastdata_replication_peer" "vastdb_replication_peer_by_guid" {
  guid = "00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000001"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `address_count` (Number)
- `created` (String)
- `guid` (String) unique identifier
- `health` (String) Reflects health of connection between peers.
- `is_local` (Boolean)
- `last_heart_beat` (String) The time of the last successful message sent, arrived and acknowledged by the peer.
- `leading_vip` (String) A VIP belonging to the remote peer's replication VIP Pool, used for connecting to the remote peer.
- `mss` (Number) Maximum segment size (MSS), in bytes, that the peer can receive in a single TCP segment.
- `name` (String)
- `password` (String) password for authentication
- `peer_certificate` (String) A certificate to use for authentication with the peer.
- `peer_name` (String) Name of remote peer
- `pool` (String)
- `pool_id` (String) The ID of the VIP pool on the local cluster configured with the replication role
- `pool_name` (String)
- `remote_version` (String) The VAST software version running on the remote peer.
- `remote_vip_range` (String) VIP range of the remote peer's replication VIP Pool
- `secret` (String) Not yet implemented
- `secure_mode` (String) Secure mode
- `space_left` (String) The logical capacity remaining available on the remote peer.
- `state` (String) State of peer connectivity
- `state_description` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `sync_state` (String)
- `transport_mode` (String) Transport mode
- `url` (String)
- `version` (String) The VAST software version running on the local peer.

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.
- `remote_vips` (Set of String)
