---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vastdata_saml Data Source - terraform-provider-vastdata"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# vastdata_saml (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `idp_name` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) SAML IDP name
- `vms_id` (Number) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) VMS ID

### Read-Only

- `encrypt_assertion` (Boolean) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Set to true if the IdP encrypts the assertion. If true, an encryption certificate and key must be uploaded. Use encryption_saml_crt and encryption_saml_key to provide the required certificate and key. Default: false. Set to false to disable encryption.
- `encryption_saml_crt` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Specifies the encryption certificate file content to upload. Required if encrypt_assertion is true.
- `encryption_saml_key` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Specifies the encryption key file content to upload. Required if encrypt_assertion is true.
- `force_authn` (Boolean) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Set to true to force authentication with the IDP even if there is an active session with the IdP for the user. Default: false.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `idp_entityid` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) A unique identifier for the IdP instance
- `idp_metadata` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Use local metadata. Supply local metadata XML.
- `idp_metadata_url` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Use metadata located at specified remote URL. For example: 'https://dev-12914105.okta.com/app/exke7ia133bKXWP2g5d7/sso/saml/metadata'
- `signing_cert` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Specifies the certificate file content to use for requiring signed responses from the IdP. Required if want_assertions_or_response_signed is true.
- `signing_key` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Specifies the key file content to use for requiring signed responses from the IdP. Required if want_assertions_or_response_signed is true.
- `want_assertions_or_response_signed` (Boolean) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Set to true to require a signed response or assertion from the IdP. VMS then fails the user authentication if an unsigned response is received. If true, upload a certificate and key. Use signing_cert and signing_key to provide certificate and key. Default: false.
