---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vastdata_tenant Data Source - vastdata"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# vastdata_tenant (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `ad_provider_id` (Number) Active Directory provider ID
- `ad_title` (String)
- `allow_disabled_users` (Boolean) Allow IO from users whose Active Directory accounts are explicitly disabled.
- `allow_locked_users` (Boolean) Allow IO from users whose Active Directory accounts are locked out by lockout policies due to unsuccessful login attempts.
- `client_ip_ranges_summary` (String)
- `default_others_share_level_perm` (String) Default Share-level permissions for 'Everyone' Group
- `dir` (String)
- `domain_name` (String) Domain name to incorporate into the VMS tenant login page URL.
- `encryption_group` (String) Tenant's encryption group unique identifier
- `encryption_group_id` (Number) Encryption Group ID
- `encryption_group_state` (String) Tenant's encryption group state
- `guid` (String) Tenant guid
- `identity_provider_name` (String) Sets a configured SAML login provider to enable for the tenant.  When set, users defined on the specified SAML provider with relevant roles and user types can login to the tenant VMS.
- `is_nfsv42_supported` (Boolean) Enable NFSv4.2
- `ldap_provider_id` (Number) Open-LDAP provider ID
- `ldap_title` (String)
- `local_provider_id` (Number) Local provider ID
- `local_provider_title` (String) The local provider associated with the tenant
- `login_name_primary_provider` (String) Primary provider for the user's login name
- `name` (String)
- `name__icontains` (String) Name to filter by
- `nis_provider_id` (Number) NIS provider ID
- `nis_title` (String)
- `posix_primary_provider` (String) The primary provider that takes precedence for POSIX user attributes in case of conflict between two providers that both have POSIX user attributes
- `preferred_owning_group` (String) Set to prefer GID of the user as the owning group of the file
- `require_smb_signing` (Boolean) Require SMB clients to perform SMB message signing. SMB messages with invalid or missing signatures will be blocked.
- `smb_administrators_group_name` (String) Optional custom name to specify a non default privileged group. If not set, privileged group is the BUILTIN\Administrators group.
- `smb_privileged_group_full_access` (Boolean) If true, the privileged group has full access. Otherwise, read only
- `smb_privileged_group_sid` (String) Optional custom SID to specify a non default SMB privileged group. If not set, SMB privileged group is the Backup Operators domain group.
- `smb_privileged_user_name` (String) Optional custom username for the SMB privileged user. If not set, the SMB privileged user name is 'vastadmin'
- `sync` (String) Synchronization state with leader
- `sync_time` (String) Synchronization time with leader
- `tenant_admins_group_name` (String) Sets a group on an AD or LDAP provider. Enables users in the group to log into the tenant VMS as Tenant Admin users. Tenant Admin is a type of VMS manager user that has management access to a specific tenant's VMS.
- `title` (String)
- `trash_gid` (Number) GID of group of NFSv3 users that have permission to move files into the trash folder. If not set, the operation of moving files into the trash folder is supported for the root user only.
- `url` (String)
- `use_smb_native` (Boolean) Access check decisions will be made based on user and group information from the Kerberos ticket. Use this if your Active Directory has a one-way trust. This is relevant for SMB only.
- `use_smb_privileged_group` (Boolean) If true, the privileged group is enabled
- `use_smb_privileged_user` (Boolean) If true, the privileged user is enabled

### Read-Only

- `access_ip_ranges` (Set of String) Restricts tenant login access to specified source IP ranges. Enter as single IPs (1.1.1.1), ranges (1.2.3.4 - 1.2.3.6), or CIDR (1.1.1.0/24).
- `capacity_rules` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--capacity_rules))
- `client_ip_ranges` (List of List of String) Array of source IP ranges to allow for the tenant.
- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.
- `vippool_names` (Set of String) Array of VIP Pools that can be used with the tenant.
- `vippools` (Attributes Set) Array of VIP Pools names and IDs that can be used with the tenant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vippools))

<a id="nestedatt--capacity_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `capacity_rules`

Read-Only:

- `grace_period` (String) Quota enforcement grace period for tenant capacity limit, in seconds
- `hard_limit` (Number) Capacity hard limit for the tenant
- `hard_limit_inodes` (Number) Hard limit on the number of files or directories for the tenant
- `notify_hard_limit` (Boolean) Notify on reaching hard limit
- `notify_soft_limit` (Boolean) Notify on reaching soft limit
- `soft_limit` (Number) Capacity soft limit for the tenant
- `soft_limit_inodes` (Number) Soft limit on the number of files or directories for the tenant


<a id="nestedatt--vippools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vippools`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number)
- `name` (String)
