---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vastdata_tenant_client_metrics Data Source - vastdata"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# vastdata_tenant_client_metrics (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `tenant_id` (Number) ID of the tenant to manage client metrics for.

### Read-Only

- `config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--config))
- `default_columns` (Attributes Set) Default predefined table columns (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_columns))
- `user_defined_columns` (Attributes Set) Custom user defined table colums. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_defined_columns))

<a id="nestedatt--config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `config`

Required:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables collection of client metrics.

Read-Only:

- `bucket_name` (String) The name of the client metrics database S3 bucket.
- `bucket_owner` (String) The user designated as the S3 bucket owner for the client metrics database for the selected tenant.
- `max_capacity_mb` (Number) The maximum size of the client metrics database, in MBB. If the limit is reached, older data is deleted from the database.
- `retention_time_sec` (Number) The retention period, in seconds, for client metrics data that is stored in the client metrics database. Data older than this time is deleted from the database.


<a id="nestedatt--default_columns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_columns`

Required:

- `name` (String) Name of the object


<a id="nestedatt--user_defined_columns"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_defined_columns`

Required:

- `database_name` (String) Name of the Database
- `name` (String) Name of the object
- `raw_field` (String) Raw description of column type
- `schema_name` (String) Name of the Schema
- `table_name` (String) Name of the Table
