---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vastdata_view Data Source - vastdata"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# vastdata_view (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `path` (String) The Element Store path exposed by the view. Begin with a forward slash. Do not include a trailing slash
- `policy_id` (Number) The ID of the associated view policy

### Optional

- `abe_max_depth` (Number) Restricts ABE to a specified path depth. For example, if max depth is 3, ABE does not affect paths deeper than three levels. If not specified, ABE affects all path depths.
- `alias` (String) Alias for NFS export, must start with '/' and only ASCII characters are allowed. If configured, this supersedes the exposed NFS export path
- `allow_anonymous_access` (Boolean) Allow S3 anonymous access
- `allow_s3_anonymous_access` (Boolean) Allow S3 anonymous access
- `auto_commit` (String) Applicable if locking is enabled. Sets the auto-commit time for files that are locked automatically. These files are locked automatically after the auto-commit period elapses from the time the file is saved. Files locked automatically are locked for the default-retention-period, after which they are unlocked. Specify as an integer value followed by a letter for the unit (h - hours, d - days, y - years). Example: 2h (2 hours).
- `bucket` (String) S3 Bucket name
- `bucket_owner` (String) S3 Bucket owner
- `bulk_permission_update_progress` (Number) Progress
- `bulk_permission_update_state` (String) State
- `cluster` (String) Parent Cluster
- `cluster__id` (String) Limit response by cluster ID
- `cluster__name` (String) Filter response by cluster name.
- `cluster_id` (Number) Parent Cluster ID
- `create_dir` (String) Creates the directory specified by the path
- `created` (String)
- `default_retention_period` (String) Default retention period for objects in the bucket. Required if s3_locks_retention_mode is set to governance or compliance. Object versions that are placed in the bucket are automatically protected with the specified retention for the specified amount of time. Otherwise, by default, each object version has no automatic protection but can be configured with a retention period or legal hold. Specify as an integer followed by h for hours, d for days, m for months, or y for years. For example: 2d or 1y.
- `directory` (Boolean) Create the directory if it does not exist
- `files_retention_mode` (String) Applicable if locking is enabled. The retention mode for new files. For views enabled for NFSv3 or SMB, if locking is enabled, files_retention_mode must be set to GOVERNANCE or COMPLIANCE. If the view is enabled for S3 and not for NFSv3 or SMB, files_retention_mode can be set to NONE. If GOVERNANCE, locked files cannot be deleted or changed. The Retention settings can be shortened or extended by users with sufficient permissions. If COMPLIANCE, locked files cannot be deleted or changed. Retention settings can be extended, but not shortened, by users with sufficient permissions. If NONE (S3 only), the retention mode is not set for the view; it is set individually for each object.
- `guid` (String)
- `has_bucket_logging_destination` (Boolean) Has a destination bucket configured as a destination for S3 bucket logging
- `has_bucket_logging_sources` (Boolean) Is referenced by other S3 bucket views as the destination bucket for S3 bucket logging.
- `ignore_oos` (Boolean)
- `indestructible_object_duration` (Number) Retention period for indestructible object mode, in days.
- `internal` (Boolean)
- `is_default_subsystem` (Boolean) True if the view is the default subsystem for block storage. There can be up to one default subsystem per tenant. The default subsystem is the default view selected when creating a block volume if no view is specified.
- `is_indestructible_object_enabled` (Boolean) True if indestructible object mode is enabled.
- `is_remote` (Boolean)
- `is_seamless` (Boolean) Supports seamless failover between replication peers by syncing file handles between the view and remote views on the replicated path on replication peers. This enables NFSv3 client users to retain the same mount point to the view in the event of a failover of the view path to a replication peer. This feature enables NFSv3 client users to retain the same mount point to the view in the event of a failover of the view path to a replication peer. Enabling this option may cause overhead and should only be enabled when the use case is relevant. To complete the configuration for seamless failover between any two peers, a seamless view must be created on each peer.
- `kafka_first_join_group_timeout_sec` (Number) Kafka first join group timeout in seconds
- `kafka_rejoin_group_timeout_sec` (Number) Kafka rejoin group timeout in seconds
- `locking` (Boolean) Write Once Read Many (WORM) locking enabled
- `logical_capacity` (Number) Logical Capacity consumed by view
- `max_retention_period` (String) Applicable if locking is enabled. Sets a maximum retention period for files that are locked in the view. Files cannot be locked for longer than this period, whether they are locked manually (by setting the atime) or automatically, using auto-commit. Specify as an integer value followed by a letter for the unit (m - minutes, h - hours, d - days, y - years). Example: 2y (2 years).
- `min_retention_period` (String) Applicable if locking is enabled. Sets a minimum retention period for files that are locked in the view. Files cannot be locked for less than this period, whether locked manually (by setting the atime) or automatically, using auto-commit. Specify as an integer value followed by a letter for the unit (h - hours, d - days, m - months, y - years). Example: 1d (1 day).
- `name` (String)
- `nfs_interop_flags` (String) Indicates whether the view should support simultaneous access to NFS3/NFS4/SMB protocols.
- `nqn` (String) Applicable to subsystem (block protocol enabled) views. The subsystem's NVMe Qualified Name. A unique identifier used to identify the subsystem in NVMe operations.
- `physical_capacity` (Number) Physical Capacity consumed by view
- `policy` (String) The name of the associated view policy
- `policy__name` (String) Filter by view policy name
- `qos_policy` (String) QoS Policy
- `qos_policy_id` (Number) QoS Policy ID
- `s3_locks_retention_mode` (String) The retention mode for new object versions stored in this bucket. You can override this if you upload a new object version with an explicit retention mode and period.
- `s3_object_ownership_rule` (String)
- `s3_unverified_lookup` (Boolean) S3 Unverified Lookup
- `s3_versioning` (Boolean) S3 Versioning enabled on S3 bucket.
- `select_for_live_monitoring` (Boolean) True when the view has live monitoring enabled.  Views that have live monitoring enabled are polled for metrics every ten seconds. Otherwise, views are polled every five minutes.
- `share` (String) Name of the SMB share. Must not include certain special characters.
- `sync` (String) Synchronization state with leader
- `sync_time` (String) Synchronization time with leader
- `tenant_id` (Number) Tenant ID
- `tenant_name` (String) Tenant Name
- `tenant_name__icontains` (String) Tenant name to filter by
- `title` (String)
- `url` (String) The endpoint URL for API operations on the view

### Read-Only

- `abac_tags` (Set of String) Comma separated tags.
- `abe_protocols` (Set of String) The protocols for which Access-Based Enumeration (ABE) is enabled
- `bucket_creators` (Set of String) For S3 endpoint buckets, this is a list of users whose bucket create requests use this view.
- `bucket_creators_groups` (Set of String) For S3 endpoint buckets, this is a list of groups whose bucket create requests use this view.
- `bucket_logging` (Attributes) S3 bucket logging configuration. S3 bucket logging records S3 operations on a source bucket, with logs written to a different bucket configured as the destination. When the source bucket has S3 bucket logging enabled, VAST Cluster creates a log entry in AWS log format for each request made to the source bucket, and periodically uploads the log objects to a destination bucket. The format of log object keys can be configured to allow for date-based partitioning of log objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bucket_logging))
- `event_notifications` (Attributes Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--event_notifications))
- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.
- `kafka_vip_pools` (Set of Number) For Kafka-enabled views, a comma separated list of vip pool IDs used to access event topics exposed by the view. The specified virtual IP pool must belong to the same tenant as the Kafka-enabled view. Must also not be a virtual IP pool that is excluded by the view policy's virtual IP pool association.
- `protocols` (Set of String) Protocols enabled for access to the view. 'NFS' enables access from NFS version 3, 'NFS4' enables access from NFS version 4.1 and 4.2, S3' creates an S3 bucket on the view, 'ENDPOINT' creates an S3 endpoint, used as template for views created via S3 RPCs, DATABASE exposes the view as a VAST database. KAFKA enables events related to elements on the view path to be published to the VAST Event Broker. BLOCK exposes the view as a block storage subsystem."
- `share_acl` (Attributes) Share-level ACL details (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--share_acl))
- `user_impersonation` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_impersonation))

<a id="nestedatt--bucket_logging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bucket_logging`

Read-Only:

- `destination_id` (Number) The ID of the S3 bucket view configured as the bucket logging destination, to store S3 bucket logs for the view. If destination_id is configured, S3 bucket logging is enabled.
- `key_format` (String) The format for log object keys. SIMPLE_PREFIX=[DestinationPrefix][YYYY]-[MM]-[DD]-[hh]-[mm]-[ss]-[UniqueString], PARTITIONED_PREFIX_EVENT_TIME=[DestinationPrefix][SourceUsername]/[SourceBucket]/[YYYY]/[MM]/[DD]/[YYYY]-[MM]-[DD]-[hh]-[mm]-[ss]-[UniqueString] where the partitioning is done based on the time when the logged events occurred, PARTITIONED_PREFIX_DELIVERY_TIME=[DestinationPrefix][SourceUsername]/[SourceBucket]/[YYYY]/[MM]/[DD]/[YYYY]-[MM]-[DD]-[hh]-[mm]-[ss]-[UniqueString] where the partitioning is done based on the time when the log object has been delivered to the destination bucket. Default: SIMPLE_PREFIX
- `prefix` (String) A prefix that is prepended to each key of a log object uploaded to the destination bucket. This prefix can be used to categorize log objects if, for example, you use the same destination bucket for multiple source buckets. The prefix can be up to 128 characters and must follow S3 object naming rules.


<a id="nestedatt--event_notifications"></a>
### Nested Schema for `event_notifications`

Read-Only:

- `broker_id` (Number) Event broker ID
- `name` (String) Event unique name
- `prefix_filter` (String) Event prefix filter
- `suffix_filter` (String) Event suffix filter
- `topic` (String) Event topic
- `triggers` (Set of String) Event triggers


<a id="nestedatt--share_acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `share_acl`

Read-Only:

- `acl` (Attributes Set) Share-level ACL (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--share_acl--acl))
- `enabled` (Boolean) True if Share ACL is enabled on the view, otherwise False

<a id="nestedatt--share_acl--acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `share_acl.acl`

Read-Only:

- `fqdn` (String) FQDN of the chosen grantee
- `grantee` (String) grantee type
- `name` (String) name of the chosen grantee
- `perm` (String) Grantee`s permissions
- `sid_str` (String) grantee`s SID
- `uid_or_gid` (Number) grantee`s uid (if user) or gid (if group)



<a id="nestedatt--user_impersonation"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_impersonation`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) True if user impersonation is enabled
- `identifier` (String) Identifier of the user to impersonate
- `identifier_type` (String) The identifier type of the specified identifier.
- `login_name` (String) Full username of user to impersonate, including domain name
- `username` (String) The username of the user to impersonate
