---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vastdata_vip_pool Data Source - vastdata"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# vastdata_vip_pool (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `active_interfaces` (Number) Number of active interfaces
- `bgp_config_id` (Number) The ID of the BGP configuration applied for L3 connectivity
- `cluster` (String) Parent cluster
- `cluster__id` (Number)
- `cluster__name` (String)
- `cluster_id` (Number) Cluster ID
- `domain_name` (String) Domain name for the VAST DNS server. The domain suffix defined in the DNS server configuration is appended to this domain name to form a FQDN which the DNS server resolves to this VIP pool.
- `enable_l3` (Boolean) When true, L3 networking is enabled.
- `enable_weighted_balancing` (Boolean) Weighted Balancing Enabled
- `enabled` (Boolean) True if the VIP pool is enabled
- `end_ip` (String) Not currently in use. Use ip_ranges instead.
- `guid` (String) Global unique ID
- `gw_ip` (String) The IP address of a local gateway device if client traffic is routed through one
- `gw_ipv6` (String) GW IPv6 Address
- `id` (Number) VIP Pool ID
- `name` (String) VIP pool name
- `peer_asn` (Number) The client network's ASN. Applicable only if enable_l3 is true.
- `port_membership` (String) Allocation of left, right or all CNode ports to the VIP pool. Allocating the left port and the right port in different VIP pools enables the CNodes to be connected to multiple networks simultaneously. Default: all
- `ranges_summary` (String) IP ranges
- `role` (String) 'PROTOCOLS' dedicates the VIP pool to client traffic from all of the supported access protocols (NFSv3, NFSv4.1, NFSv4.2, SMBv2, S3, Database, Block, Kafka). At least one VIP pool must be created to enable client access. 'REPLICATION' dedicates the VIP pool for connectivity with an async replication peer cluster. This is needed for async  replication. 'BIG_CATALOG' dedicates the VIP pool to VAST Catalog query access from the client network.
- `serves_tenant` (String) Filter by served tenants. Accepts tenant ID or "all" for all served tenants.
- `start_ip` (String) Not currently in use. Use ip_ranges instead.
- `state` (String) The state of the VIP pool
- `subnet_cidr` (Number) The subnet expressed as a CIDR index (number of bits in each IPv4 address that belong to the subnet)
- `subnet_cidr_ipv6` (Number) IPv6 Subnet CIDR prefix (bits number)
- `sync` (String) Synchronization state with leader
- `sync_time` (String) Synchronization time with leader
- `tenant_id` (Number) Tenant ID. If set, only the tenant with this ID can access the VIP pool. If not set, the VIP pool is accessible to all tenants.
- `tenant_name` (String) Tenant Name
- `tenant_name__icontains` (String) Tenant name to filter by
- `title` (String) IP range of the VIP pool
- `url` (String) The VIP Pool's endpoint URL for API operations
- `vast_asn` (Number) The cluster's ASN. Applicable only if enable_l3 is true.
- `vlan` (Number) VIPPool VLAN, if the VIP pool is tagged with a specific VLAN. The VIP pool is exposed only to the specified VLAN on the client data network
- `vms_preferred` (Boolean) If true, CNodes participating in the vip pool are preferred in VMS host election

### Read-Only

- `active_cnode_ids` (Set of Number) IDs of active CNodes
- `cnode_ids` (Set of Number) If a group of CNodes is dedicated to the VIP Pool, these are the IDs of the CNodes comprising the group
- `cnodes` (Set of String)
- `ip_ranges` (List of List of String) The IP ranges that comprise the vippool
