---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vastdata_vms Data Source - vastdata"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# vastdata_vms (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `access_token_lifetime` (String) Validity duration for JWT access tokens. Specify as [DD [HH:[MM:]]]ss
- `auto_logout_timeout` (Number) Inactivity period for auto logout
- `build` (String) The current VMS build running on the cluster.
- `capacity_base_10` (Boolean) True if capacity properties are formatted in base 10. False if capacity properties are formatted in base 2
- `capacity_usable` (Boolean) Toggles between showing usable capacity (true, default) or physical capacity (false) in the capacity card on the VMS web UI dashboard
- `created` (String) Date and time of creation
- `degraded_reason` (String) The reason for VMS degraded state
- `disable_mgmt_ha` (Boolean) True if management HA is disabled
- `disable_vms_metrics` (Boolean) True if VMS metrics collection is disabled
- `guid` (String)
- `id` (Number) The ID of the VMS object.
- `ip` (String) The bond interface IP for the cluster's internal data network, on the current management CNode, the CNode hosting VMS
- `ip1` (String) The IP of the management CNode on one of the cluster's internal data networks.
- `ip2` (String) The IP of the management CNode on the second of the cluster's internal data networks.
- `ipv6_support` (Boolean) Parameter that controls visibility of ipv6 fields for VIP Pools
- `login_banner` (String) The login banner for the VMS Web UI and CLI, if customized.
- `max_api_tokens_per_user` (Number) Max active API tokens allowed per VMS user
- `mgmt_cnode` (String) The name of the CNode currently running VMS
- `mgmt_inner_vip` (String) A virtual IP on the internal network used for mounting the VMS database.
- `mgmt_inner_vip_cnode` (String) The CNode currently hosting virtual IP on the internal network used for mounting the VMS database (mgmt_inner_vip).
- `mgmt_ip` (String) The external management IP of the management CNode, the CNode currently hosting VMS
- `mgmt_vip` (String) Management virtual IP (IPv4). A single virtual IP configured on the management interfaces on all CNodes. VAST Management System (VMS) listens on this IP. It is used to access the VMS interfaces.
- `mgmt_vip_ipv6` (String) Management virtual IP (IPv6). A single virtual IP configured on the management interfaces on all CNodes. VAST Management System (VMS) listens on this IP. It is used to access the VMS interfaces.
- `min_pwd_length` (Number) Minimum password length for new VMS managers. Default: 8
- `min_qos_supported` (Boolean) Minimum QoS supported
- `min_tls_version` (String) Minimum TLS version supported by VMS. The default is 1.2.
- `name` (String) The name of the VMS
- `performance_base_10` (Boolean) True if performance properties are formatted in base 10. False if performance properties are formatted in base 2
- `refresh_token_lifetime` (String) Validity duration for JWT refresh tokens. Specify as [DD [HH:[MM:]]]ss
- `ssl_certificate` (String) The SSL Certificate file content, including the BEGIN CERTIFICATE and END CERTIFICATE lines
- `ssl_keyfile` (String) The SSL private key file content, include the BEGIN PRIVATE KEY and END PRIVATE KEY lines
- `ssl_port` (Number) The SSL port through which VMS is accessed.
- `state` (String) The state of VMS.
- `sw_version` (String) The current VMS software version running on the cluster.
- `tabular_support` (String) Parameter that controls everything related to database
- `title` (String) VMS name
- `total_active_capacity` (Number) The total licensed capacity, which is the sum of capacity licensed by all active licenses
- `total_remaining_capacity` (Number) The amount of licensed capacity that remains available for use.
- `total_usage_capacity_percentage` (Number) The percentage of total licensed capacity that is in use.
- `url` (String) Endpoint URL of the VMS object
