---
page_title: "Provider: VAST Data"
description: |-
  The VAST Data Terraform Provider to control the cluster through VMS API.
---

# VAST Data Provider

## Example Usage

```terraform
#A Simple provider with the version validation level of `warn`
provider vastdata {
  username                = "<username>"
  port                    = 443
  password                = "<password>"
  host                    = "<address>"
  skip_ssl_verify         = true
  version_validation_mode = "warn"
}

#Define two providers for two different clusters named clusterA and clusterB, one with port 443 and the other with port 9443

provider vastdata {
  api_token       = "<api_token>"
  port            = 443
  host            = "<address>"
  skip_ssl_verify = true
  alias           = clusterA
}

# Trigger Terraform to ask for password instead of hardcoding it
variable "password" {
  sensitive = true
}

provider vastdata {
  username        = "<username>"
  port            = 9443
  password        = var.password
  host            = "<address>"
  skip_ssl_verify = true
  alias           = clusterB
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `host` (String) The VAST cluster hostname/address. If the VASTDATA_HOST environment variable exists, it will be used.

### Optional

- `api_token` (String, Sensitive) The VAST cluster API token. If the VASTDATA_API_TOKEN environment variable exists, it will be used.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The VAST cluster password. If the VASTDATA_CLUSTER_PASSWORD environment variable exists, it will be used.
- `port` (Number) The server API port (default is 443). If the VASTDATA_PORT environment variable exists, it will be used.
- `skip_ssl_verify` (Boolean) A flag to determine whether the SSL certificate is to be verified (default is False). If the VASTDATA_VERIFY_SSL environment variable exists, it will be used.
- `username` (String, Sensitive) The VAST cluster user name. If the VASTDATA_CLUSTER_USERNAME environment variable exists, it will be used.
- `version_validation_mode` (String) The version validation mode to use. Version validation checks if a resource request will work with the current cluster version. Depending on the value, the operation will be aborted if it won't work with the current version. Valid values: strict - to abort the operation before it starts, warn - to issue a warning without aborting the operation.

## GUID fallback
For all the resources that have GUID as one of its attributes, there is a fallback request when the API responds with 404 Not Found.
If the VMS responds with new ID for given GUID, the provider will update the internal identifier of the resource.

This mechanism is enabled to prevent provider failure due to Leader backup restore.