---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vastdata_active_directory2 Resource - terraform-provider-vastdata"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# vastdata_active_directory2 (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "vastdata_active_directory2" "ad1" {
  machine_account_name = "vast-cluster01"
  organizational_unit  = "OU=VASTs,OU=VastENG,DC=VastENG,DC=lab"
  use_auto_discovery   = false
  binddn               = "cn=admin,dc=qa,dc=vastdata,dc=com"
  searchbase           = "dc=qa,dc=vastdata,dc=com"
  bindpw               = "<password>"
  use_ldaps            = "false"
  domain_name          = "VastEng.lab"
  method               = "simple"
  query_groups_mode    = "COMPATIBLE"
  use_tls              = "false"
  urls                 = ["ldap://198.51.100.3"]

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `machine_account_name` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) The name of the computer object/machine account to add. Recommended to use the name of the cluster.

### Optional

- `binddn` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Distinguished name of the Active Directory superuser.
- `bindpw` (String, Sensitive) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) The password used with the Bind DN to authenticate to the Active Directory server.
- `domain_name` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) FQDN of the domain.
- `gid_number` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) The attribute of a user entry on the Active Directory server that contains the UID number, if different from 'uidNumber'. Often, when binding the VAST cluster to Active Directory, this does not need to be set.
- `group_login_name` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Specifies the attribute used to query Active Directory for the group login name in NFS ID mapping.
- `is_vms_auth_provider` (Boolean) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Enables or disables use of the Active Directory for VMS authentication. Two Active Directory configurations per cluster can be used for VMS authentication: one with Active Directory and the other without Active Directory.
- `mail_property_name` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Specifies the attribute to use for the user’s email address.
- `match_user` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) The attribute to use when querying a provider for a user that matches a user that has already been retrieved from another provider. A user entry that contains a matching value in this attribute will be considered the same user as the user previously retrieved.
- `method` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Bind authentication method. Allowed Values are [simple anonymous sasl]
- `ntlm_enabled` (Boolean) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Enables or disables support of NTLM authentication for SMB.
- `organizational_unit` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Organizational unit within Active Directory where the cluster's machine account will be created. If left empty, defaults to Computers OU.
- `port` (Number) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Which port to use.
- `posix_account` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) The object class that defines a user entry on the Active Directory server, if different from 'posixAccount'. When binding the VAST cluster to Active Directory, set this parameter to 'user' to ensure that authorization works properly.
- `posix_attributes_source` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Defines which domains POSIX attributes will be supported from.
- `posix_group` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) The object class that defines a group entry on the Active Directory server, if different from 'posixGroup'. When binding the VAST cluster to Active Directory, set this parameter to 'group' to ensure that authorization works properly.
- `query_groups_mode` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Query group mode. Allowed Values are [COMPATIBLE NONE RFC2307BIS RFC2307]
- `reverse_lookup` (Boolean) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Specifies whether to resolve Active Directory netgroups into hostnames.
- `searchbase` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) The base DN is the starting point that the Active Directory provider uses when searching for users and groups. If a group base DN is configured, it will be used instead of the base DN (for groups only).
- `smb_allowed` (Boolean) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Indicates if Active Directory is allowed for SMB.
- `tls_certificate` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) TLS certificate to use for verifying the remote Active Directory server’s TLS certificate.
- `uid` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) The attribute of a user entry on the Active Directory server that contains the user name, if different from 'uid'. When binding the VAST cluster to Active Directory, you may need to set this to 'sAMAccountname'.
- `uid_member` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) The attribute of a group entry on the Active Directory server that contains names of group members, if different from 'memberUid'. When binding the VAST cluster to Active Directory, you may need to set this to 'memberUID'.
- `uid_member_value_property_name` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Specifies the attribute which represents the value of the Active Directory group’s member property.
- `uid_number` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) The attribute of a user entry on the Active Directory server that contains the UID number, if different from 'uidNumber'. Often when binding the VAST cluster to Active Directory, this does not need to be set.
- `urls` (List of String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) A comma-separated list of URIs of Active Directory servers in the format 'SCHEME://ADDRESS'. The order of listing defines the priority order. The URI with the highest priority that has a good health status is used.
- `use_auto_discovery` (Boolean) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) If 'true', Active Directory Domain Controllers (DCs) and Active Directory domains are automatically discovered. Queries extend beyond the joined domain to all domains in the forest. If 'false', queries are restricted to the joined domain and DCs must be provided in the URLs field.
- `use_ldaps` (Boolean) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Specifies whether to use LDAPS for auto-discovery. To enable use of LDAPS, also set 'use_auto_discovery' to 'true'.
- `use_multi_forest` (Boolean) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Allows or prohibits access for users from trusted domains on other forests.
- `use_tls` (Boolean) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Set to 'true' to enable use of TLS to secure communication between the VAST cluster and the Active Directory server.
- `user_login_name` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) Specifies the attribute used to query Active Directory for the user login name in NFS ID mapping.
- `username_property_name` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) The attribute to use for querying users in VMS user-initated user queries. Default is 'name'. Sometimes it can be set to 'cn'.

### Read-Only

- `guid` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.1.0,5.2.0) The unique GUID of the resource.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import vastdata_active_directory2.example <guid>
terraform import vastdata_active_directory2.example <Machine Account Name>
```
