---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vastdata_administators_roles Resource - terraform-provider-vastdata"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# vastdata_administators_roles (Resource)



## Example Usage

To creata a role without referring to realms (realms are avaliable starting with version 5.2.0):

```terraform
resource "vastdata_administators_roles" "role01" {
  name             = "role01"
  permissions_list = ["create_support", "create_settings", "create_security", "create_monitoring", "create_logical", "create_hardware"]
}
```

Starting with version 5.2.0, a role can reference one or more realms. You can specify 4 types of actions referring to realms: create, delete, view, edit. To configure the action, specify <action>_<realm name>.
For example, to configure edit for a realm named `realm01`, add the following to the `permissions_list` attribute: `edit_realm01`

```terraform
resource "vastdata_administators_realms" "realmc" {
  name         = "realmc"
  object_types = ["nic", "viewpolicy"]
}


resource "vastdata_administators_roles" "rolec" {
  name = "rolec"
  permissions_list = ["create_support",
    "create_settings",
    "edit_${vastdata_administators_realms.realmc.name}",
    "view_${vastdata_administators_realms.realmc.name}"
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.0.0,5.1.0,5.2.0) A unique name for the role.

### Optional

- `ldap_groups` (List of String) (Valid for versions: 5.0.0,5.1.0,5.2.0) LDAP group(s) associated with the role. Members of the specified groups on the connected LDAP/Active Directory provider can access VMS and are granted whichever permissions are included in the role. A group can be associated with multiple roles.
- `permissions_list` (List of String) (Valid for versions: 5.0.0,5.1.0,5.2.0) A list of allowed permissions. Valid values: [create_support create_settings create_security create_monitoring create_logical create_hardware create_events create_database create_applications view_support view_settings view_security view_monitoring view_logical view_hardware view_events view_applications view_database edit_support edit_settings edit_security edit_monitoring edit_logical edit_hardware edit_events edit_database edit_applications delete_support delete_settings delete_security delete_monitoring delete_logical delete_hardware delete_events delete_applications delete_database]

### Read-Only

- `guid` (String) (Valid for versions: 5.2.0) The unique GUID of the role.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `is_admin` (Boolean) (Valid for versions: 5.0.0,5.1.0,5.2.0) Specifies whether the role is an admin role.
- `is_default` (Boolean) (Valid for versions: 5.0.0,5.1.0,5.2.0) Specifies whether the role is a default role.
- `permissions` (List of String) (Valid for versions: 5.0.0,5.1.0,5.2.0) The list of allowed permissions returned by the VMS.
- `tenants` (List of Number) (Valid for versions: 5.0.0,5.1.0,5.2.0) The list of tenants associated with the role.

## Import

Use either of the following:
- Import by GUID:

        ```shell
        terraform import vastdata_administators_roles.example <GUID>
        ```
- Import by name:

        ```shell
        terraform import vastdata_administators_roles.example <name>
        ```
