---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vastdata_event_definition_config Resource - vastdata"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# vastdata_event_definition_config (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "vastdata_event_definition_config" "vastdb_event_definition_config" {
  id              = 1
  syslog_port     = 520
  syslog_protocol = "tcp"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (Number) Id of the event definition configuration

### Optional

- `audit_logs_retention` (Number) Audit logs retention in days
- `critical_value` (String) Maps CRITICAL severity to a different value. Default: CRITICAL
- `disable_actions` (Boolean) Set to true to disable default actions for events.
- `email_recipients` (Set of String) Default email recipients. These recipients receive notifications of all alarms except those triggered by events that have a different list of email recipients specified in the event definition or for which actions are disabled.
- `email_sender` (String) Global for all alarm notification emails, the sender email that appears in the emails.
- `email_subject` (String) Optional and global email subject for all alarm notification emails. Leave blank to send alarm info in the subject.
- `enabled` (Boolean)
- `info_value` (String) Maps INFO severity to a different severity value. Default: INFO
- `major_value` (String) Maps MAJOR severity to a different severity value. Default: MAJOR
- `minor_value` (String) Maps MINOR severity to a different severity value. Default: MINOR
- `quota_email_hourly_limit` (Number) Maximum quota alert emails VMS will send per hour
- `quota_email_interval` (String) The minimal interval time between quota alert emails sent to a user.
- `quota_email_provider` (String) Specify which query context should be used to query providers for user quota alert emails. 'Aggregated' will perform an aggregated query of all providers. Alternatively, you can specify a specific provider if connected to the cluster.
- `quota_email_suffix` (String) A default suffix to add to append to user names to form an email address. This is used as the email recipient address for sending a user user quota alert emails. It is only used if an email address is not found for the user on a provider.
- `smtp_host` (String) SMTP server host name for alert emails.
- `smtp_password` (String) Password for SMTP authentication
- `smtp_port` (String) The port used by the SMTP server to send outgoing emails.
- `smtp_use_tls` (Boolean) Set to true to send email over a TLS connection.
- `smtp_user` (String) User for SMTP authentication
- `syslog_host` (String) The syslog server's IP address, for sending event logs to a syslog server.
- `syslog_ipmi_audit` (Boolean) CNode and DNode IPMI commands
- `syslog_port` (String) The port number used by the syslog server to listen on for syslog requests.
- `syslog_protocol` (String) The protocol used for communicating with the remote syslog server.
- `syslog_shell_audit` (Boolean) CNode and DNode shell commands
- `syslog_vms_audit` (Boolean) VMS audit
