---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vastdata_qos_policy Resource - vastdata"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# vastdata_qos_policy (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "vastdata_qos_policy" "vastdb_qos_policy" {
  name = "vastdb_qos_policy"

  static_limits = {
    max_writes_bw_mbps     = 1000
    max_reads_iops         = 2000
    max_writes_iops        = 3000
    burst_reads_bw_mb      = 2500
    burst_reads_iops       = 3000
    burst_reads_loan_iops  = 3500
    burst_reads_loan_mb    = 3000
    burst_writes_bw_mb     = 3500
    burst_writes_iops      = 4000
    burst_writes_loan_iops = 4500
    max_reads_bw_mbps      = 2000
    min_reads_bw_mbps      = 1500
    min_reads_iops         = 1000
    burst_writes_loan_mb   = 4000
    min_writes_bw_mbps     = 800
    min_writes_iops        = 1000
  }

  capacity_limits = {
    max_reads_bw_mbps_per_gb_capacity  = 100
    max_reads_iops_per_gb_capacity     = 200
    max_writes_bw_mbps_per_gb_capacity = 300
    max_writes_iops_per_gb_capacity    = 400
  }
}


# ---------------------
# Complete examples
# ---------------------


resource "vastdata_qos_policy" "vastdb_qos_policy" {
  name = "vastdb_qos_policy"

  static_limits = {
    max_writes_bw_mbps     = 1000
    max_reads_iops         = 2000
    max_writes_iops        = 3000
    burst_reads_bw_mb      = 2500
    burst_reads_iops       = 3000
    burst_reads_loan_iops  = 3500
    burst_reads_loan_mb    = 3000
    burst_writes_bw_mb     = 3500
    burst_writes_iops      = 4000
    burst_writes_loan_iops = 4500
    max_reads_bw_mbps      = 2000
    min_reads_bw_mbps      = 1500
    min_reads_iops         = 1000
    burst_writes_loan_mb   = 4000
    min_writes_bw_mbps     = 800
    min_writes_iops        = 1000
  }

  capacity_limits = {
    max_reads_bw_mbps_per_gb_capacity  = 100
    max_reads_iops_per_gb_capacity     = 200
    max_writes_bw_mbps_per_gb_capacity = 300
    max_writes_iops_per_gb_capacity    = 400
  }
}


# --------------------

resource "vastdata_qos_policy" "vastdb_qos_policy" {
  name        = "vastdb_qos_policy"
  policy_type = "USER"
  attached_users = [
    {
      name             = "runner"
      fqdn             = "runner.vastdb.local"
      identifier_type  = "username"
      identifier_value = "runner"
    }
  ]

  static_limits = {
    max_writes_bw_mbps = 1000
    max_reads_iops     = 2000
    max_writes_iops    = 3000
  }
}


# --------------------
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String)

### Optional

- `attached_users` (Attributes Set) The users to which to attach the policy, for a user QOS policy. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--attached_users))
- `capacity_limits` (Attributes) Performance limits per unit of either used logical capacity or provisioned capacity, depending on the mode. Units are stated per limit. Valid values: 0-4294967296. 0 means unlimited. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--capacity_limits))
- `capacity_total_limits` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--capacity_total_limits))
- `is_default` (Boolean) Is default User QOS Policy
- `is_gold` (Boolean) Grants priority QoS over views that do not have this setting enabled.
- `limit_by` (String) Specifies which performance parameter(s) are limited by the policy. BW_IOPS=The policy limits service according to bandwidth (BW) and IO per second (IOPS). BW=The policy limits service according to BW only. IOPS=The policy limits service according to IOPS only.
- `mode` (String) QoS provisioning mode
- `policy_type` (String) QOS Policy type
- `s3_connections_limit` (Number) Maximum number of allowed S3 connections, 0 means unlimited
- `static_limits` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--static_limits))
- `static_total_limits` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--static_total_limits))
- `tenant_id` (Number) Tenant ID
- `use_total_limits` (Boolean) If true - total limits are used instead of separate read/write limits.

### Read-Only

- `guid` (String) QoS Policy guid
- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.
- `io_size_bytes` (Number) Sets the size of IO for static and capacity limit definitions. The number of IOs per request is obtained by dividing request size by IO size. Default: 64K, Recommended range: 4K - 1M
- `tenant_name` (String) Tenant Name

<a id="nestedatt--attached_users"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attached_users`

Required:

- `fqdn` (String) The Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN) of the user's domain.
- `identifier_type` (String) The attribute used to identify the user.
- `identifier_value` (String) The value of the identifying attribute for the user. Must be of the attribute specified as identifier_type.
- `name` (String) User's name

Optional:

- `label` (String) A label for the user


<a id="nestedatt--capacity_limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `capacity_limits`

Optional:

- `max_reads_bw_mbps_per_gb_capacity` (Number) Maximal amount of performance per GB to provide when there is no resource contention
- `max_reads_iops_per_gb_capacity` (Number) Maximal amount of performance per GB to provide when there is no resource contention
- `max_writes_bw_mbps_per_gb_capacity` (Number) Maximal amount of performance per GB to provide when there is no resource contention
- `max_writes_iops_per_gb_capacity` (Number) Maximal amount of performance per GB to provide when there is no resource contention


<a id="nestedatt--capacity_total_limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `capacity_total_limits`

Optional:

- `max_bw_mbps_per_gb_capacity` (Number) Maximal amount of performance per GB to provide when there is no resource contention
- `max_iops_per_gb_capacity` (Number) Maximal amount of performance per GB to provide when there is no resource contention


<a id="nestedatt--static_limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `static_limits`

Optional:

- `burst_reads_bw_mb` (Number) Burst reads BW Mb
- `burst_reads_iops` (Number) Burst reads IOPS
- `burst_reads_loan_iops` (Number) Burst reads loan IOPS
- `burst_reads_loan_mb` (Number) Burst reads loan Mb
- `burst_writes_bw_mb` (Number) Burst writes BW Mb
- `burst_writes_iops` (Number) Burst writes IOPS
- `burst_writes_loan_iops` (Number) Burst writes loan IOPS
- `burst_writes_loan_mb` (Number) Burst writes loan Mb
- `max_reads_bw_mbps` (Number) Maximal amount of performance to provide when there is no resource contention
- `max_reads_iops` (Number) Maximal amount of performance to provide when there is no resource contention
- `max_writes_bw_mbps` (Number) Maximal amount of performance to provide when there is no resource contention
- `max_writes_iops` (Number) Maximal amount of performance to provide when there is no resource contention
- `min_reads_bw_mbps` (Number) Minimal amount of performance to provide when there is resource contention
- `min_reads_iops` (Number) Minimal amount of performance to provide when there is resource contention
- `min_writes_bw_mbps` (Number) Minimal amount of performance to provide when there is resource contention
- `min_writes_iops` (Number) Minimal amount of performance to provide when there is resource contention


<a id="nestedatt--static_total_limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `static_total_limits`

Optional:

- `burst_bw_mb` (Number) Burst BW Mb
- `burst_iops` (Number) Burst IOPS
- `burst_loan_iops` (Number) Burst loan IOPS
- `burst_loan_mb` (Number) Burst loan Mb
- `max_bw_mbps` (Number) Maximal BW Mb/s
- `max_iops` (Number) Maximal IOPS
- `min_bw_mbps` (Number) Minimal BW Mb/s
- `min_iops` (Number) Minimal IOPS
