---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vastdata_quota Resource - vastdata"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# vastdata_quota (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "vastdata_quota" "vastdb_quota" {
  name            = "vastdb_quota_example"
  default_email   = "user@example.com"
  path            = "/vastdb_view/quota-example"
  soft_limit      = 100000
  hard_limit      = 200000
  create_dir_mode = 755
  create_dir      = true
  is_user_quota   = true
  grace_period    = "01:00:00"
  enable_alarms   = true
}

# ---------------------
# Complete examples
# ---------------------


data "vastdata_view_policy" "vastdb_view_policy_default" {
  name = "default"
}

resource "vastdata_view" "vastdb_view" {
  path       = "/vastdb_view/quota-example"
  create_dir = true
  policy_id  = data.vastdata_view_policy.vastdb_view_policy_default.id
  protocols  = ["NFS", "NFS4"]
}

resource "vastdata_quota" "vastdb_quota" {
  name            = "vastdb_quota_example"
  default_email   = "user@example.com"
  path            = vastdata_view.vastdb_view.path
  soft_limit      = 100000
  hard_limit      = 200000
  create_dir_mode = 755
  create_dir      = true
  is_user_quota   = true
  grace_period    = "01:00:00"
  enable_alarms   = true
}

# --------------------
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) A name for the quota
- `path` (String) The directory path on which to enforce the quota

### Optional

- `create_dir` (Boolean) Set to true to create the directory if the directory was not created yet.
- `create_dir_mode` (Number) Unix permissions mode for the new directory
- `default_email` (String) Emails are sent to users if and when they exceed their user/group quota limits. default_email is a default email address that is used instead of a user's email address in the event that no email address is found for the user on a provider and no email suffix is set.
- `default_group_quota` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_group_quota))
- `default_user_quota` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--default_user_quota))
- `enable_alarms` (Boolean) Enables alarms on relevant events for user and group quotas. Applicable only if is_user_quota is true. Raises alarms reporting the number of users that exceed their quotas and when one or more users is/are blocked from writing to the quota directory.
- `enable_email_providers` (Boolean) Set to true to enable querying Active Directory and LDAP services for user emails when sending user notifications to users if they exceed their user/group quota limits. If enabled, the provider query is the first priority source for a user's email. If a user's email is not found on the provider, a global suffix is used to form an email. If no suffix is set, default_email is used.
- `grace_period` (String) Quota enforcement grace period. An alarm is triggered and write operations are blocked if storage usage continues to exceed the soft limit for the grace period. Format: [DD] [HH:[MM:]]ss
- `group_quotas` (Attributes Set) An array of group quota rule objects. A group quota rule overrides a default group quota rule for the specified group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--group_quotas))
- `hard_limit` (Number) Storage usage limit beyond which no writes will be allowed.
- `hard_limit_inodes` (Number) Number of directories and unique files under the path beyond which no writes will be allowed. A file with multiple hardlinks is counted only once.
- `inherit_acl` (Boolean) Indicates whether the directory should inherit ACLs from its parent directory
- `is_user_quota` (Boolean) Set to true to enable user and group quotas. False by default. Cannot be disabled later.
- `soft_limit` (Number) Storage usage limit at which warnings of exceeding the quota are issued.
- `soft_limit_inodes` (Number) Number of directories and unique files under the path at which warnings of exceeding the quota will be issued. A file with multiple hardlinks is counted only once.
- `tenant_id` (Number) Tenant ID
- `user_quotas` (Attributes Set) An array of user quota rule objects. A user quota rule overrides a default user quota rule for the specified user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_quotas))

### Read-Only

- `cluster` (String) Parent Cluster
- `cluster_id` (Number) Parent Cluster ID
- `guid` (String) Quota guid
- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.
- `internal` (Boolean)
- `last_user_quotas_update` (String) Time of last user quota update
- `num_blocked_users` (Number) The number of users that are blocked from writing to the quota path due to exceeding a hard user/group quota limit.
- `num_exceeded_users` (Number) The number of users that have exceeded a user quota
- `percent_capacity` (Number) Percentage in use of the capacity hard limit
- `percent_inodes` (Number) Percentage in use of the hard limit on directories and unique files
- `pretty_grace_period` (String) Quota enforcement grace period expressed in human readable format as seconds, minutes, hours or days. Example: 12 days 43 minutes 43 seconds
- `pretty_grace_period_expiration` (String) The time remaining until the end of the grace period, in human readable format. Displayed when soft limit is exceeded.
- `pretty_state` (String)
- `state` (String) Quota state
- `sync_state` (String)
- `system_id` (Number)
- `tenant_name` (String) Tenant Name
- `time_to_block` (String) The time remaining until the end of the grace period. Displayed when soft limit is exceeded.
- `title` (String) Quota name
- `url` (String) Endpoint URL for API operations on the quota
- `used_capacity` (Number) Used capacity in bytes
- `used_capacity_tb` (Number) Used capacity in TB
- `used_effective_capacity` (Number) Used effective capacity in bytes
- `used_effective_capacity_tb` (Number) Used effective capacity in TB
- `used_inodes` (Number) Number of directories and unique files under the path
- `used_limited_capacity` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--default_group_quota"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_group_quota`

Optional:

- `grace_period` (String) Quota enforcement grace period in seconds, minutes, hours or days. Example: 90m
- `hard_limit` (Number) Hard quota limit
- `hard_limit_inodes` (Number) Hard inodes quota limit
- `quota_system_id` (Number)
- `soft_limit` (Number) Soft quota limit
- `soft_limit_inodes` (Number) Soft inodes quota limit


<a id="nestedatt--default_user_quota"></a>
### Nested Schema for `default_user_quota`

Optional:

- `grace_period` (String) Quota enforcement grace period in seconds, minutes, hours or days. Example: 90m
- `hard_limit` (Number) Hard quota limit
- `hard_limit_inodes` (Number) Hard inodes quota limit
- `quota_system_id` (Number)
- `soft_limit` (Number) Soft quota limit
- `soft_limit_inodes` (Number) Soft inodes quota limit


<a id="nestedatt--group_quotas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `group_quotas`

Optional:

- `entity_identifier` (String)
- `guid` (String) Quota guid
- `id` (Number)
- `identifier` (String)
- `identifier_type` (String)
- `is_group` (Boolean)
- `name` (String) The name
- `path` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--user_quotas"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_quotas`

Optional:

- `entity_identifier` (String)
- `guid` (String) Quota guid
- `id` (Number)
- `identifier` (String)
- `identifier_type` (String)
- `is_group` (Boolean)
- `name` (String) The name
- `path` (String)
