---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vastdata_replication_peer Resource - vastdata"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# vastdata_replication_peer (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "vastdata_vip_pool" "vastdb_replication_poolA" {
  name        = "vastdb_replication_poolA"
  role        = "REPLICATION"
  subnet_cidr = "24"
  provider    = vastdata.clusterA
  ip_ranges = [
    ["12.0.0.10", "12.0.0.10"]
  ]
}

resource "vastdata_vip_pool" "vastdb_replication_poolB" {
  name        = "vastdb_replication_poolB"
  role        = "REPLICATION"
  subnet_cidr = "24"
  provider    = vastdata.clusterB
  ip_ranges = [
    ["11.0.0.10", "11.0.0.10"]
  ]
}

resource "vastdata_replication_peer" "vastdb_replication_peer" {
  name        = "vastdb_replication_peer"
  password    = "####Wwww11111"
  leading_vip = vastdata_vip_pool.vastdb_replication_poolB.start_ip
  pool_id     = vastdata_vip_pool.vastdb_replication_poolA.id
  provider    = vastdata.clusterA
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `leading_vip` (String) Any one of the IP addresses that belong to the remote peer's replication VIP pool. This IP is used for the initial connection between the peers. Once the connection is established, the peers share their external network topology and form multiple connections between the VIPs.
- `name` (String)
- `pool_id` (Number) The ID of the local replication VIP Pool to use for the replication connection with the remote peer.

### Optional

- `mss` (Number) Maximum segment size (MSS), in bytes, that the peer can receive in a single TCP segment.
- `password` (String) Not in use
- `peer_certificate` (String) Not in use
- `secure_mode` (String) Secure mode: NONE=no encryption on the replication connection. SECURE=Replication to this peer will be encrypted over the wire with mTLS. Requires a certificate, key and root certificate to be uploaded to VMS on each peer cluster. Upload mTLS certificates with PATCH /clusters/{id}/.
- `transport_mode` (String) Transport mode: TCP for FIPS compliance, QUIC is not FIPS compliance but good for lower latency in high-latency networks.

### Read-Only

- `address_count` (Number)
- `created` (String)
- `guid` (String) unique identifier
- `health` (String) Reflects health of connection between peers.
- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.
- `is_local` (Boolean)
- `last_heart_beat` (String) The time of the last successful message sent, arrived and acknowledged by the peer.
- `peer_name` (String) Name of remote peer
- `pool` (String)
- `pool_name` (String)
- `remote_version` (String) The VAST software version running on the remote peer.
- `remote_vip_range` (String) VIP range of the remote peer's replication VIP Pool
- `remote_vips` (Set of String)
- `secret` (String) Not yet implemented
- `space_left` (String) The logical capacity remaining available on the remote peer.
- `state` (String) State of peer connectivity
- `state_description` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `sync_state` (String)
- `url` (String)
- `version` (String) The VAST software version running on the local peer.
