---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vastdata_saml_config Resource - vastdata"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# vastdata_saml_config (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "vastdata_vms_configured_idps" "vastdb_vms_configured_idps" {
  vms_id = 1

}

resource "vastdata_saml_config" "vastdb_saml_config" {
  vms_id   = data.vastdata_vms_configured_idps.vastdb_vms_configured_idps.vms_id
  idp_name = data.vastdata_vms_configured_idps.vastdb_vms_configured_idps.idps[0]
  saml_settings = {
    encrypt_assertion                  = true
    force_authn                        = true
    idp_entityid                       = "https://my-idp.com/entry"
    idp_metadata_url                   = "https://my-idp.com/metadata"
    want_assertions_or_response_signed = true
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `idp_name` (String) SAML IDP name.
- `vms_id` (Number) Unique ID of the VMS.

### Optional

- `saml_settings` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--saml_settings))

<a id="nestedatt--saml_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `saml_settings`

Optional:

- `encrypt_assertion` (Boolean) Set to true if the IdP encrypts the assertion. If true, an encryption certificate and key must be uploaded. Use encryption_saml_crt and encryption_saml_key to provide the required certificate and key. Default: false. Set to false to disable encryption.
- `encryption_saml_crt` (String) Specifies the encryption certificate file content to upload. Required if encrypt_assertion is true.
- `encryption_saml_key` (String) Specifies the encryption key file content to upload. Required if encrypt_assertion is true.
- `force_authn` (Boolean) Set to true to force authentication with the IDP even if there is an active session with the IdP for the user. Default: false.
- `idp_entityid` (String) A unique identifier for the IdP instance
- `idp_metadata` (String) Use local metadata. Supply local metadata XML.
- `idp_metadata_url` (String) Use metadata located at specified remote URL. For example: 'https://dev-12914105.okta.com/app/exke7ia133bKXWP2g5d7/sso/saml/metadata'
- `signing_cert` (String) Specifies the certificate file content to use for requiring signed responses from the IdP. Required if want_assertions_or_response_signed is true.
- `signing_key` (String) Specifies the key file content to use for requiring signed responses from the IdP. Required if want_assertions_or_response_signed is true.
- `want_assertions_or_response_signed` (Boolean) Set to true to require a signed response or assertion from the IdP. VMS then fails the user authentication if an unsigned response is received. If true, upload a certificate and key. Use signing_cert and signing_key to provide certificate and key. Default: false.
