---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "vastdata_tenant Resource - vastdata"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# vastdata_tenant (Resource)



## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "vastdata_tenant" "vastdb_tenant" {
  name = "vastdbtenant"
}

# ---------------------
# Complete examples
# ---------------------


resource "vastdata_tenant" "vastdb_tenant" {
  name = "vastdbtenant"
  client_ip_ranges = [
    ["192.168.0.100", "192.168.0.201"],
    ["11.0.0.6", "11.0.0.10"],
    ["11.0.0.20", "11.0.0.40"]
  ]
}

# --------------------


resource "vastdata_vip_pool" "vastdb_vippool" {
  name        = "vastdb_vippool"
  role        = "PROTOCOLS"
  subnet_cidr = "24"

  ip_ranges = [
    ["11.0.0.6", "11.0.0.10"],
  ]
}

resource "vastdata_tenant" "vastdb_tenant" {
  name                 = "vastdbtenant"
  allow_locked_users   = true
  allow_disabled_users = true
  access_ip_ranges     = ["11.0.0.6", "11.0.0.7"]
}

# --------------------
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) A name for the tenant

### Optional

- `access_ip_ranges` (Set of String) Restricts tenant login access to specified source IP ranges. Enter as single IPs (1.1.1.1), ranges (1.2.3.4 - 1.2.3.6), or CIDR (1.1.1.0/24).
- `ad_provider_id` (Number) The ID of an Active Directory provider configured on the cluster. Enables the specified provider for the tenant.
- `allow_disabled_users` (Boolean) Allow IO from users whose Active Directory accounts are explicitly disabled.
- `allow_locked_users` (Boolean) Allow IO from users whose Active Directory accounts are locked out by lockout policies due to unsuccessful login attempts.
- `capacity_rules` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--capacity_rules))
- `client_ip_ranges` (List of List of String) Array of ranges of client IPs to be served by the tenant. For client requests made to a VIP that belongs to a VIP Pool that is not associated to a specific tenant, the client's source IP is checked against the Client IPs that are defined within each tenant. That check determines access. The client IPs that you associate with each tenant must be unique per tenant.
- `default_others_share_level_perm` (String) Default Share-level permissions for Others
- `domain_name` (String) Domain name to incorporate into the VMS tenant login page URL.
- `encryption_crn` (String) Tenant's encryption group unique identifier (deprecated)
- `encryption_group` (String) Tenant's encryption group unique identifier
- `identity_provider_name` (String) The ID of a SAML provider configured on the cluster. Connects the specified provider to the tenant.
- `is_nfsv42_supported` (Boolean) Enable NFSv4.2
- `ldap_provider_id` (Number) The ID of an LDAP provider configured on the cluster. Enables the specified provider for the tenant.
- `local_provider_id` (Number) The ID of a local provider configured on the cluster. Connects the specified provider to the tenant.
- `login_name_primary_provider` (String) Login name primary provider type
- `nis_provider_id` (Number) The ID of a NIS provider configured on the cluster. Enables the specified provider for the tenant.
- `posix_primary_provider` (String) Specifies which provider takes precedence over other providers in case of any conflicts between attribute values when user information is retrieved from the providers. Relevant only if more than one provider is enabled for the tenant.
- `preferred_owning_group` (String) Set to prefer GID of the user as the owning group of the file
- `qos` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--qos))
- `require_smb_signing` (Boolean) Require SMB signing
- `smb_administrators_group_name` (String) Optional custom name to specify a non default privileged group. If not set, privileged group is the Backup Operators domain group.
- `smb_privileged_group_full_access` (Boolean) True=The SMB privileged user group has read and write control access. Members of the group can perform backup and restore operations on all files and directories, without requiring read or write access to the specific files and directories. False=the privileged group has read only access.
- `smb_privileged_group_sid` (String) Optional custom SID to specify a non default SMB privileged group. If not set, SMB privileged group is the Backup Operators domain group.
- `smb_privileged_user_name` (String) Optional custom username for the SMB privileged user. If not set, the SMB privileged user name is 'vastadmin'
- `tenant_admins_group_name` (String) Specifies a group on an AD or LDAP provider. Enables users in the group to log into the tenant VMS as Tenant Admin users. In order to be granted permissions to do any configuration, the same users need to belong to groups on the provider that are associated with VMS manager user roles for tenant admin type users on the tenant.
- `trash_gid` (Number) GID of group of NFSv3 users to which to grant permission to move files into the trash folder. If not set, the operation of moving files into the trash folder is supported for the root user only.
- `use_smb_native` (Boolean) Use native SMB authentication
- `use_smb_privileged_group` (Boolean) Enables SMB privileged user group
- `use_smb_privileged_user` (Boolean) Enables SMB privileged user

### Read-Only

- `ad_title` (String)
- `client_ip_ranges_summary` (String)
- `dir` (String)
- `encryption_group_id` (Number) Encryption Group ID
- `encryption_group_state` (String) Tenant's encryption group state
- `guid` (String) Tenant guid
- `id` (Number) The ID of this resource.
- `ldap_title` (String)
- `local_provider` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--local_provider))
- `local_provider_title` (String) The local provider associated with the tenant
- `nis_title` (String)
- `smb_allowed` (Boolean)
- `sync` (String) Synchronization state with leader
- `sync_time` (String) Synchronization time with leader
- `title` (String)
- `url` (String)
- `vippool_names` (Set of String) Array of VIP Pools that can be used with the tenant.
- `vippools` (Attributes Set) Array of VIP Pools names and IDs that can be used with the tenant. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vippools))

<a id="nestedatt--capacity_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `capacity_rules`

Optional:

- `grace_period` (String) Quota enforcement grace period for tenant capacity limit, in seconds
- `hard_limit` (Number) Capacity hard limit for the tenant
- `hard_limit_inodes` (Number) Hard limit on the number of files or directories for the tenant
- `notify_hard_limit` (Boolean) Notify on reaching hard limit
- `notify_soft_limit` (Boolean) Notify on reaching soft limit
- `soft_limit` (Number) Capacity soft limit for the tenant
- `soft_limit_inodes` (Number) Soft limit on the number of files or directories for the tenant


<a id="nestedatt--qos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `qos`

Optional:

- `static_limits` (Attributes) Performance limits per view. Maximum limits define maximum provisioning in the absence of resource contention. Valid values: 0-4294967296. 0 means unlimited. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--qos--static_limits))

<a id="nestedatt--qos--static_limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `qos.static_limits`

Optional:

- `burst_reads_bw_mb` (Number) Burst reads BW Mb
- `burst_reads_iops` (Number) Burst reads IOPS
- `burst_reads_loan_iops` (Number) Burst reads loan IOPS
- `burst_reads_loan_mb` (Number) Burst reads loan Mb
- `burst_writes_bw_mb` (Number) Burst writes BW Mb
- `burst_writes_iops` (Number) Burst writes IOPS
- `burst_writes_loan_iops` (Number) Burst writes loan IOPS
- `burst_writes_loan_mb` (Number) Burst writes loan Mb
- `max_reads_bw_mbps` (Number) Maximal amount of performance to provide when there is no resource contention
- `max_reads_iops` (Number) Maximal amount of performance to provide when there is no resource contention
- `max_writes_bw_mbps` (Number) Maximal amount of performance to provide when there is no resource contention
- `max_writes_iops` (Number) Maximal amount of performance to provide when there is no resource contention



<a id="nestedatt--local_provider"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_provider`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number) ID of the local provider
- `name` (String) Name of the local provider


<a id="nestedatt--vippools"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vippools`

Read-Only:

- `id` (Number)
- `name` (String)
